Updated FAQ to remove AMA statements (#1852)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/FAQ.md

  - `<Resource Prefix (Root ID)>-decommissioned`
  - `<Resource Prefix (Root ID)>-sandbox`

## Azure Monitor Agent

### What if we are not ready to make the switch (from MMA) and migrate to AMA, right now?

> Another good question. You will need to plan, and complete, the migration to the Azure Monitor Agent as soon as possible as the Log Analytics Agent has retired as [documented here.](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/were-retiring-the-log-analytics-agent-in-azure-monitor-on-31-august-2024/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good question. You will need to plan, and complete, the migration to the Azure Monitor Agent as soon as possible as the Log Analytics Agent has retired as [documented here.](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/were-retiring-the-log-analytics-agent-in-azure-monitor-on-31-august-2024/)
```

> Another good question. You will need to plan, and complete, the migration to the Azure Monitor Agent as soon as possible as the Log Analytics Agent has retired as [documented here.](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/were-retiring-the-log-analytics-agent-in-azure-monitor-on-31-august-2024/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The log analytics agent (MMA) has retired as documented [here]( https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/were-retiring-the-log-analytics-agent-in-azure-monitor-on-31-august-2024/). Cloud ingestion services will gradually reduce support for MMA agents, which may result in compatibility issues over time. Ingestion for MMA will remain unchanged until February 1, 2025. You need to complete the migration to the Azure Monitor Agent before that date. 
```
